# CS-255-DriverPass
# Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
The client, DriverPass, wanted to create a system to help people pass their driving exam because many of them were failing it while at the DMV. They wanted their system to offer online classes, online practice tests, downloadable documentation, and in person driving lessons. For their in person driving lessons customers can choose from three packages that offered a number of classes with a driving instructor. On their system they wanted customers to view progress on their online classes, practice tests scores, and reserve/modify/cancel reservations for driving lessons. 
# What did you do particularly well?
I made sure to understand what the client wanted the system to do, figure out the requirements for the system, and design the system to fulfil the client's request and wanted functionality for the system. 
# If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
I would revise the Business Requirement Document to add more details and organize the information better. 
# How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
After going over how the client wanted the system to work, I started thinking about how the users will use the system. I then created a use case diagram, activity diagrams,sequence diagrams, and class diagram to show how the user will interact with the system and how the system will interact with the user. The user's needs have to be considered because the system is being made for them to use. 
# How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
I would first gather the requirements and needs from the client of the system they want to create. I would then create a business requirement document, write out the functional/nonfunctional requirements, the needs for the user interface, assumptions, limitations, and technical requirements. I would then create use case diagrams, activity diagrams, sequence diagrams, and class diagrams. Using these techniques and strategies in the future will help design a sucessful system. 
